server/README.md, before:

# Local Debugging
run `vercel dev` to run the local service

# Setting up the environment
Create a .env file in the server directory with the following content
```
EFFECTIVE_DATE={whatever is current}
STRIPE_LD1_PRICE=
STRIPE_PP2_PRICE=
STRIPE_BD1_PRICE=
STRIPE_PP1_PRICE=
STRIPE_HH1_PRICE=
STRIPE_IP1_PRICE=
STRIPE_IP2_PRICE=
STRIPE_WEBHOOK_SECRET=
STRIPE_SECRET_KEY={test value}
BLOB_READ_WRITE_TOKEN={prod value}
POSTGRES_URL={we recommend the test value}
POSTGRES_PROD_URL={we recommend the production value which will be picked up by manualSketchUpdate.ts}
```

# Testing
## Unit testing
To test everything use `npm test`
Otherwise use `npm test script.test.ts`

## Debug tests
Start debugger in terminal `npm run debug`
Run the actual test `npm test XXX`

## Simpsons Characters
We have named some operational tasks and emails after simpsons characters. 
Groundskeeper 'Willie' is a script that checks system heath . It is invoked everyday via a cron entry in `vercel.json` (6:05 PM PST / 7:05 PM PDT). 
'Waylon' Smithers is reporting metrics and is also invoked everyday via cron (4:05 AM PST / 5:05 AM PDT)
'Ralph' Wiggum is sending an email every time we receive user feedback
'Ned' Flanders is sending an email every time we see a new user
'Apu' Nahasapeemapetilon is sending an email every time a user becomes a customer
'Marge' Simpson is updating airport sketches every day via cron (10:05 PM PST / 11:05 PM PDT)

Willie and Waylon can be executed manually as follows
```
cd housekeeping
ts-node .\willie.ts
ts-node .\waylon.ts
```


## Testing Stripe client
(installation) ``
With Stripe client
C:\src>stripe listen --forward-to localhost:3000/stripe/webhook

## Manual Data backup
Open pgAdmin 4
Select Table
Menu Tools > Import/Export Data
Save files in c:\src\kneeboard.ga\data

## New Data Cycle
see [Operations](documentation/Operations.md)

## Testing with Stripe
### Installation
(macos) brew install stripe/stripe-cli/stripe

### Usage
stripe listen --forward-to locashost:3000/webhook
Call http://localhost:3000/checkout with user and product


# Data Utilities

## Environment Check
Run the following script to verify which database your local environment is currently interacting with (Production vs Test).
```bash
npx ts-node housekeeping/dbCheck.ts
```

## Refreshing Sketch Data
1. Set database to prod
2. Run ga-api on port 3000 (vercel dev)

3. Run gak-sketcher on port 3001 (vercel dev)
4. Run ts-node housekeeping/manualSketchUpdate.ts

## Authentication
### Apple
* https://developer.apple.com/account/resources/identifiers/list/serviceId
Service identifier : ga.kneeboard
Sign In with Apple > Configure > Website URLs.
### Google
* https://console.cloud.google.com/apis/credentials?pli=1&project=kneeboard
Client ID : 864395393673-li5elss3gtbhipp6pdjs1pbgbl0866si.apps.googleusercontent.com

Commit message:

Moved simpsons description to operations

server/README.md, after:

# Local Debugging
run `vercel dev` to run the local service

# Setting up the environment
Create a .env file in the server directory with the following content
```
EFFECTIVE_DATE={whatever is current}
STRIPE_LD1_PRICE=
STRIPE_PP2_PRICE=
STRIPE_BD1_PRICE=
STRIPE_PP1_PRICE=
STRIPE_HH1_PRICE=
STRIPE_IP1_PRICE=
STRIPE_IP2_PRICE=
STRIPE_WEBHOOK_SECRET=
STRIPE_SECRET_KEY={test value}
BLOB_READ_WRITE_TOKEN={prod value}
POSTGRES_URL={we recommend the test value}
POSTGRES_PROD_URL={we recommend the production value which will be picked up by manualSketchUpdate.ts}
```

# Testing
## Unit testing
To test everything use `npm test`
Otherwise use `npm test script.test.ts`

## Debug tests
Start debugger in terminal `npm run debug`
Run the actual test `npm test XXX`

## Simpsons Characters
We have named some operational tasks and emails after simpsons characters. 
See [Operations](documentation/Operations.md) for a complete list of characters and their roles.

Willie, Dr Hibbert and Waylon can be executed manually as follows
```
cd housekeeping
ts-node .\summon.ts willie
ts-node .\summon.ts drhibbert
ts-node .\summon.ts waylon
```


## Testing Stripe client
(installation) ``
With Stripe client
C:\src>stripe listen --forward-to localhost:3000/stripe/webhook

## Manual Data backup
Open pgAdmin 4
Select Table
Menu Tools > Import/Export Data
Save files in c:\src\kneeboard.ga\data

## New Data Cycle
see [Operations](documentation/Operations.md)

## Testing with Stripe
### Installation
(macos) brew install stripe/stripe-cli/stripe

### Usage
stripe listen --forward-to locashost:3000/webhook
Call http://localhost:3000/checkout with user and product


# Data Utilities

## Environment Check
Run the following script to verify which database your local environment is currently interacting with (Production vs Test).
```bash
npx ts-node housekeeping/dbCheck.ts
```

## Refreshing Sketch Data
1. Set database to prod
2. Run ga-api on port 3000 (vercel dev)

3. Run gak-sketcher on port 3001 (vercel dev)
4. Run ts-node housekeeping/manualSketchUpdate.ts

## Authentication
### Apple
* https://developer.apple.com/account/resources/identifiers/list/serviceId
Service identifier : ga.kneeboard
Sign In with Apple > Configure > Website URLs.
### Google
* https://console.cloud.google.com/apis/credentials?pli=1&project=kneeboard
Client ID : 864395393673-li5elss3gtbhipp6pdjs1pbgbl0866si.apps.googleusercontent.com
